[Important: commands that don't work: $, ", and who knows what else]

NAME
    sd -- plain-text terminal-based presentations with bash


DESCRIPTION
    sd (for "slide deck") is a hyper-minimal presentation program strictly
    for terminal use. It requires env, bash, sed, wc, find, and cat.

    sd reads plain text files from a given directory and presents them (shows
    them) in ASCII sort order.


INSTALLATION

    1. Make sure sd is executable. Do something like --

         $ chmod u+x sd

    2. You may need to manually edit the shebang line of the script if you are
       using it on an odd platform like, for example, Termux.

    3. Copy sd to somewhere in your path. You don't want to have it in the same
       directory as the files for your presentation, because if you do, it will
       treat sd itself as one of the slides.

    4. Type --
 
         $ sd -h

       at the command line to get the help text.

    5. Profit.

  
NOTES

    1. It is feature-complete. There will be no Markdown support, additional
       commands, etc.

    2. Consider zooming in your terminal enough to make your text visible for
       whatever your application. Use the -t and -l flags to get things
       roughly centered the way you want.

    3. I might give it a bang (!) command to run command line commands like
       ed(1) has, but honestly, you can just do C-z to suspend it and do what-
       ever you like, so I don't think I will. 

    4. I would have preferred to write it in pure POSIX shell, but I'm not
       smart enough to figure out how to do arrays in POSIX shell.

    5. There is no number 5. That's it.


EXAMPLES

    Ok, I said there was a help page, but here's an example use to make it
    easier:

      $ sd -t 10 -l 25 -b "Title | 2025-02-19" -d testExample

    This will pad every slide ten lines down, and 25 characters to the left. It
    will include a header or "b" for "banner" at the top of every slide, and
    will look for its slides in the "testExample" directory.

    Once sd is running, try typing h (then Enter) to get a help page. Yes, the
    same help page.


 ==


    Another yak, shaved.

